<cbedata py doc>
Looking for the CBEDATA docs?
See cbedata.txt

If you choose to use the Python CBEDATA interpreter, here's the documentation.
Read the CBEDATA docs before because some elements in the Python interpreter require knowledge of CBEDATA.


--Functions--
There are four functions you can call:

1. get_online_obj
2. get_online
3. get_offline_obj
4. get_offline


You should use an online function when you want to request the data from somewhere that isn't your local machine, for example, to connect to a Chatbox and pull form there. 
You should use an object function when you want to pull multiple attributes, and a non-object function when you want to pull a single attribute. 

--Syntax--

All four functions have the same parameters: file, path, type.

1. file is where to get the data from. this is a URL or a filepath (online-offline)
2. path is the path within the CBEDATA file to get to the correct part (the part you are calling upon)
3. type is the format you want your data back in.

--Non-Object Functions--
In NOFs, these formats are available (these formats go into the type argument):

1. cls gets the entire subclass
2. raw gets all the data for you to play with
3. val gets the value of the attribute you called
4. var gets the name and value of the attribute you called in this format: attrib-name==attrib-value

The function will return as a string.

--Object Functions--
In OFs, these formats are available:

1. raw gives you back subclass as a string, however, the 'class[classname>' is gone, unlike the other raw
2. list-val gives you all the attribute values in a subclass as a list.
3. list-key gives you all the attribute names in a subclass as a list
4. dic gives you a Python dictionary with the keys being the attribute names and the values being the attribute values.

--File--
If you call an online function, provide the URL to the data in the file argument.
If you call an offline function, provide the filepath to the locally stored data in the file argument.

--What the functions do--

1. get_online_obj: take multiple attribs from the Web and give it back as a list, string, or dictionary
2. get_online: take single attrib from the Web and give it back as a string
3. get_offline_obj: take multiple attribs from local machine and give it back as a list, string, or dictionary
4. get_offline: take single attrib from local machine and give it back as a string.